Didn't have some of the features I was looking for. Returned it the next day. May be good for others
i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
The tablet works fine. It is responsive with good resolution. It is too tied to Amazon. It requires too many hoops to get apps such as Zinio to work. Until Amazon loosens its grip, I recommend only at a very good price.
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.
Not a good product short battery life i can only use for 20 minutes
This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.
Fine for reading, ...haven't used it for anything else yet
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.
If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
Though I have got it for cheap price during black friday, this Fire is not that great. Very bad camera and dim screen resolution. Pros:Install Google Play without any hassleVery good book reading option
This is a good product for video, surfing and reading. However this version has dropped all android support as far as I can tell. I have a couple of apps that run on my old Fire just fine but are extremely problematic on this one. There is one app I use everyday but it doesn't work on this new Fire, so I have to keep the old one around. Kind of inconvenient. I would recommend seeing if your app is supported on this Fire before dropping the money.
The display is not as sharp and vivid as they say but still good. Probably better for reading than watching videos. We didn't really get it for the games, but there is a good selection. WiFi works well and internet browsing is fast.
Good starter unit. Easy for a beginner to use. Priced low to give you a taste of the tablet world.
If you shop on Amazon all the time, this will help make it easier still. Lots of ads pop up, and you can't use apps from non-Amazon sources unless you root it, and that is complicated. This is not a realistic alternative to an iPad or Galaxy Note. If you just want to a device to shop on Amazon with, you'll love it.
fire tablet is very powerful for the size and does everything!
not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
Much harder to work than an android. None of the wallpaper apps I downloaded from the kindle store work on the device. many of the other apps look cheap on the display. other wise it is prettier and more responsive than the cheaper $49 tablet. They make it look like an android tablet but it is not. no google play. Everything is just harder to work than on a regular android BUT for a tablet under $100 it exceeds expectations. It is more responsive than other models of fire
I had fire hdx 8 and loved it, unfortunately got damaged and could not replace. I purchased the fire HD 8 and exchanged n pay difference for fire HD 10. The 8 did not have a lot of options I was used to. :(
The Amazon Fire HD8 (2016 model) is a great tablet for the price; however, the Fire OS offers limited abilities to the user. Personally, I wish there were ways to mirror the screen to a tv without having to purchase a Fire TV streaming stick. Also, the inability to use the google play store is a major set back. If it weren't for those two complaint, I'd give this tablet 4 stars.
This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.
This was a good tablet. I bought it for my Gf who basically only wanted it for Netflix and YouTube. The display was good, not great. The issue we had was that it kept dropping the wifi connection. This could have been a defect in this one tablet but we returned it and got another one.
We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.
I have always gone to buy a kindle because I like the books and th games available. But I found them very unpredictable and unreliable. The color burns futon screen, then the screens starts jumping. As a result I have purchased 8 over the years. Not sure if Want to go through that for the 9th time!
My wife wanted an iPad. I bought her this because it was cheaper and good for reading and playing games. She uses iOS products so it's not compatible. She hardly ever uses it. Next time I'll get what she wants and not waste my money.
Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...
This tablet is great for books, audible books, music and all things Amazon. The included browser (Silk) is not the best. I purchased expanded memory (64GB SD card) for about $30 more and a cover for about $20. The biggest issue I have with this unit is that it is slow (when compared to an iPad) and it tends to freeze every so often. For about 2.5x more money, consider an iPad instead.
Worse graphics, won't keep a wireless connection,overall not satisfied
I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a "known issue" and "they're working on it". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!
Not very fancy, but not slow. If you have Amazon Prime, you have a access to a great library of TV shows and Movies for free. Same goes for free book rentals. The Amazon App store is not so great, lots of apps are outdated but still work. Just not the latest versions you would expect. But the Amazon Underground appstore does offer free access to games you would normally pay for. It's decent for it's price and a good deal if you don't want anything fancy.
We purchased this as a replacement for our now-broken iPad. Though we liked the smaller size (more convenient, easier to carry, etc), the internet was sooooooo slowwwwww that it drove us crazy. Sometimes minutes to download a site (and this with no other apps open!1). Plan to go back to another iPad.
I know beforehand that this is not a powerful tablet. But it's the best bargain at this price point . The screen is okay if you just read books, news, or surf the websites. But if you want to enjoy videos-this is not your choice.The processor is slow and the amazon app store doesn't have all the apps like you'd expect from Google appstore- even though the OS based on android. But few tweaks let you install the Google playstore-search online for the steps.Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase. Hope this is helpful.
It is just an average tablet. Bit slow but is a good option for people on budget
Tablet stopped working after owning for two weeks. Came back on after an hour.
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back
This tablet is definitely recommended if you are looking for light to medium usage. Tablet is snappy and quick but slarts to lag after installing multiple apps.Amazon app store is good but there are few essential apps that are not available, though you can install them using black market.
Had it for about a week and now it won't take charge, tried new chargers and still not taking charge. Happy with tablet but unhappy about not chatging
It all of a sudden has stoped charging I have only used it a few times in the short time off purchase. Can I get a replacement or how best can I be helped
This tablet could be so much better if the apps actually worked decently. The built in Amazon pieces for Prime members is great and work flawlessly. But it's not enough to overcome the terrible app behavior and countless freezes.  They need to take a lesson or two from Apple.
Will not seem to charge all the way and this is my 7th Kindlle.
If you need a basic tablet then the fire works. It falls apart when compared to the iPad mini from a usability, functionality and available apps standpoint.
Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.
like it at first, but it is going slow sometimes. overall good product
The first Fire HD8 we purchased died within 1 week of purchase. We had to go back and exchange it for a new one. Not a good sign so far.
This is the second Fire tablet that I have purchased. The first I returned in after I was not able to load YouTube onto the tablet. Amazon's take on Android was just to unfriendly to make it work. With this new tablet, Amazon has heard my concern and now I'm enjoying this tablet. It's well built for a sub-$100 device, but won't stand up to a lot of abuse.
Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.
the first worked fine for three weeks then stopped. took back and got a replacement. this one lasted almost a month. again took it back and was told I had to deal with Amazon.Found out thru Amazon webpage that units simply froze up and how to reset it. Was upset that store associate knew nothing about the product. Had to research everything myself.
I really liked the build quality but the very lackluster performance and minuscule battery life didn't make it a keeper for me.
ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.
I didn't do any in depth research on this particular tablet. The price and speed were good for what I wanted it for. My only con is not being able to clear the home screen of apps or relocate them so I can see my personal home screen picture.
For the price it can't be beat. That being said I had to return mine after a week. I just couldn't get over the low resolution screen. It works well for movies and the Web, but I needed it to also show off my photos to others.
Bought the fire for my mother who is 72 to learn how to use a computer the price was right and she can use it to search the web
I have had every version of the Kindle since the week it was introduced and jumped at the chance for a Kindle Fire. I replaced the first one I had in 2014 and it was everything I wanted except this past summer it started overheating and got nonresponsive in the midday heat. So...I got this one. First of all I miss Swype. WHY get rid of it? Secondly I cannot put two of my favorite apps (which work on my old one) to work on this but lastly and most importantly: every once in awhile the screen freezes with a bunch of code "shimmering" in the background and only turning it off and/or leaving it for awhile brings it back to life AND it turns itself off. It seems to happen when I close a program and move to a new one. Aggravating and not what I expect from a product with which I have been happy in the past.
Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.
Bought as gift for senior. Setup process could be easier.
This is decent reader and Netflix device. Lots of bugs and gotchas when trying to use - icons going off screen, random locking, random performance hits while doing the same task. Returned. Buying an iPad mini 2. The build quality is just not there.
This is good for kids. Cheap enough that if they destroy it, you won't get upset
I got a magenta color because I loved the beautiful purple-ish color shown on the picture. Instead I got a really bright pink-ish color which looks nothing like the color shown here. I went to the store hoping to replace it with a different color but was told that since I bought it on sale, I had to pay the $30 dollar price difference if I wanted to exchange. Unbelievable. The product is good but I never liked the Best buy customer service.
Would recommend for the right person that wants low cost tablet BUT...Ended up returning this item because it was heavy and too wide for my hand to hold. It was too big to hold in hand and too small to use like a larger tablet. Ended up just using my Lenovo Yoga 900 since it was more flexible and only about .5 lb heavier.
Very helpful and friendly. Didn't have too much selection on what I was looking for. But found what I needed.
Was looking for a cheap tablet for my a son to use saw this unit on sale on black Friday good unit.
I gave this as a gift for Christmas and still can't get it set up will have to go to geek squad to help
I bought the 8" version on impulse because of an excellent offer on Black Friday. As an Amazon product, it offers Amazon apps. While you can get Google Play apps, it requires some hoops. I just discovered I can't save movies from Netflix because that only applies to the HDX version. So this product has limits. But used as a Kindle reader, or to get email via wifi, or other uses (wifi only) while traveling where you wouldn't want to take an expensive device, it is a good choice.
I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make)
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
This Kindle was purchased on the black friday sale. At the time I felt it was a steal at that price. The first tablet I purchased a few years ago was the original Kindle Fire, the following year I purchased an iPad mini and now have the iPad mini 4. As you may already know, the iPad does not have explandable memory. This Kindle can have expanded memory to 200GB so that was a good selling point for me. After setting this new Kindle Fire up, I noticed that viewing photos were not as clear as the original iPad mini even without retina display, and the color had a greenish-yellowish tint to it. Some may not notice this if they do not have something else to compare it to. I'm a pro photographer so this was quite unaceptable to me. I was not expecting perfection with the colors but people's skin tones appeared greenish as if they were Vulcans. I also like to read tech manuals and magazines of which many are in PDF format. The Kindle will read this format but the Kindle Fire after all these years still cannot display the cover art from pdf books, etc.; it displays an acrobat pdf document logo instead. If you have a large library of pdfs you have to read through the document titles instead of being able to select by seeing the cover of the book. That was enough for me, I've been spoiled by the ease of use of the iPad and the display with accurate colors. Back to the store for a prompt refund it went. Overall..still a good deal but if you are used to an iPad for the reasons I am..you may be disappointed.
Works well. But does not offer access to the apple or android App Store. Without the apps that I need, this tablet is not as useful.
Works well but lacks forward control of screen and right and left movement on keyboard. Good foor short notes but could never do any substantial typing on this without external keyboard. Good for basic websurfing and email.
